add exportparts to styling docs (#830)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/components/styling.md

This allows for greater flexibility in styling as any styles can now be added to this element.

### Exportparts

If you have a Stencil component nested within another component, any `part` specified on elements of the child component will not be exposed through the parent component. In order to expose the `part`s of the child component, you need to use the `exportparts` attribute. Consider this `OuterComponent` which contains the `InnerComponent`.

```tsx
export class OuterComponent {
  render() {
    return (
      <Host>
        <h1>Outer Component</h1>
        <inner-component exportparts="inner-text" />
      </Host>
    );
  }
}

> export class InnerComponent {

Reviewer: It may be worth adding a `@Component` decorator to this class, so that we define a tag to be associated with it. That way, [this line](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-site/pull/830/files#diff-fdd264bad2c75226b929f996da39e4dbee5ced97ea40f7c2eeb86ef9ea110650R175) makes a little more sense. (also consider adding `shadow` as well)

Perhaps we should add it (`@Component`) for both, since we reference `outer-component` [here](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-site/pull/830/files#diff-fdd264bad2c75226b929f996da39e4dbee5ced97ea40f7c2eeb86ef9ea110650R201)

  render() {
    return (
      <Host>
        <h1 part="inner-text">Inner Component</h1>
      </Host>
    );
  }
}
```

> By specifying "inner-text" as the value of the `exportparts` attribute, elements of the `InnerComponent` with a `part` of "inner-text" can now be sty;ed in the light DOM. Even though the `InnerComponent` is not used directly, we can style its parts through the `OuterComponent`.

Reviewer: typo: 'sty;ed' -> 'styled'

```suggestion
By specifying "inner-text" as the value of the `exportparts` attribute, elements of the `InnerComponent` with a `part` of "inner-text" can now be styled in the light DOM. Even though the `InnerComponent` is not used directly, we can style its parts through the `OuterComponent`.
```

> By specifying "inner-text" as the value of the `exportparts` attribute, elements of the `InnerComponent` with a `part` of "inner-text" can now be sty;ed in the light DOM. Even though the `InnerComponent` is not used directly, we can style its parts through the `OuterComponent`.

Reviewer: Not necessary ATM, one thing I want us to start thinking about is consistency when referring to components (consistency throughout the doc site that is).  At some point in the near future, I want to decide if we should refer to components by their tag (`outer-component`) vs their class (`OuterComponent`). We can always deviate where necessary to get a particular point across - this is something that's cropped up on my end while working through the props docs

Author: yeah I was thinking about this as well as I was writing it. Let's circle back to this
